Add more information about the Job Declarator on the protocol overview (#92)
stratum-mining/sv2-spec: 03-Protocol-Overview.md

   May optionally provide additional monitoring, receive work from a Job Declarator and use custom work with a pool, or provide other services for a farm.

4. **Job Declarator (optional)**  
   It is further divided into a Job Declarator Client and a Job Declarator Server.
   The Job Declarator Client receives custom block templates from a Template Provider and declares use of the template with the Pool or the Job Declarator Server using the Job Declaration Protocol.

>    Further, the Job Declarator Client distributes the jobs to Mining Proxy (or Proxies) using the Job Distribution Protocol. This role will often be a built-in part of a Mining Proxy.

Reviewer: I would remove this sentence since Job Distribution Protocol has never been specified for real, and we never mentioned it.
```suggestion
```

5. **Template Provider**  
   Generates custom block templates to be passed to the Job Declarator for eventual mining.
   This is usually just a Bitcoin Core full node (or possibly some other node implementation).

The Mining Protocol is used for communication between a Mining Device and Pool Service, Mining Device and Mining Proxy, Mining Proxy and Mining Proxy, or Mining Proxy and Pool Service.

> The Job Declaration Protocol is used for communication between a Job Declarator Client and Pool Service, or between a Job Declarator Client and a Job Declarator Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Job Declaration Protocol is used for communication between a Job Declarator Client and a Job Declarator Server (which is typically Pool side).
```

The Template Distribution Protocol is used for communication either between a Job Declarator Client and a Template Provider or between a Pool Service and Template Provider.

> The Job Distribution Protocol is used for communication between a Job Declarator and a Mining Proxy.

Reviewer: I would remove this sentence for the same reason as above
```suggestion
```
